abandon of spontaneity
abashed into silence
abatement of misery
aberrations of judgment
abhorrence of meanness
abounding with plenty
absence of vainglory
absorbed in meditation
abyss of ignominy
accent of conviction
accord with nature
accretions of time
accumulation of ages
accuracy of aim
acquisition of knowledge
activity of attention
act with deliberation
acuteness of sensibility
addicted to flattery
adherence to principle
admixture of fear
adorn with beauty
affectation of content
affected by externals
affect to believe
affinity of events
afflict with ugliness
aflame with life
age of ignorance
agility of brain
agony of despair
air of assumption
akin to truth
alive to opportunity
allayed by sympathy
allied to virtue
allied with economy
ambitious of success
amenable to reason
amiability of disposition
amplitude of space
anachronisms of thought
anchor of moderation
angle of vision
animated by victory
annulment of influence
anticipate with delight
aping of manners
apostle of culture
appraised by fashion
ardor of life
arrogance of opinion
ascertain with exactness
aspect of grandeur
aspire to rule
assailed by conscience
assumption of sternness
atmosphere of obscurity
atone in measure
attained by effort
attempt to suppress
attended with danger
attitude of mind
attribute of weakness
austerities of fanaticism
authority of manner
avalanche of scorn
avenues of dissemination
aversion to publicity
avert by prayer
babel of tongues
ballasted by brains
ban of exclusion
barren in intellect
barren of enthusiasm
barriers of reticence
bars of sunlight
basis of fact
basking in sunshine
beam of moonlight
beam with self-approval
beast of prey
beauty of imagery
beggared of faith
beguile into reading
behave with servility
bent of mind
beset by difficulties
betrayal of trust
betray into speech
bevy of maidens
bewilderment of feeling
big with fate
birds of prey
bit of portraiture
bitterness of anguish
blackness of spirit
blandishments of society
blast of adversity
blaze of fury
blending into harmony
blend of dignity
blinded with tears
blind to demonstration
bliss of solitude
bloom of earth
blow of fate
blush with shame
boldness of conception
bond of alliance
bone of contention
bound by opinion
bouts of civility
branded by defeat
branded with cowardice
breach of law
breath of life
breeze of anxiety
brilliancy of wit
brimful of fun
bring into disrepute
broil of politics
brood of emotions
brought to repentance
brow of expectation
brunt of disgrace
bubbling with laughter
bulk of mankind
bullied into silence
bundle of conceptions
buoyancy of youth
burden of proof
buried in solitude
burn into memory
burn with indignation
burst into view
burst of confidence
business of life
cadences of delirium
call in question
call into question
calmness of manner
caprice of inclination
careless of opinion
carry into conflict
cause of solicitude
chain of evidence
change of habitude
chaos of confusion
characterized by discretion
chastened by sorrow
cheek by jowl
chill into apathy
chill of indifference
circle of hills
circulated by malice
claim to perpetuity
clamor of envy
clap of thunder
clarity of thinking
clash of arms
cling with tenacity
cloak of ecclesiasticism
clogged by insincerity
clothed in truth
clothe with authority
code of morals
cogency of argument
colored by environment
combination of calamities
come to nothing
coming into vogue
command of wit
committed to righteousness
common to humanity
community of interest
compass of imagination
compatible with freedom
complexity of life
comply with tradition
conceal with difficulty
condemned by posterity
conducive to happiness
confidence of genius
confident in opinion
confirmed by habit
conflict of will
conformable to fact
confute in argument
conquest of difficulty
consciousness of peril
consigned to oblivion
consistent with facts
consoled by prayer
constellation of luminaries
constrained to speak
contagion of conflict
contemplative in aspect
continuity of life
contradiction of terms
contrariety of opinion
contribution to knowledge
convinced by argument
convulsed by divisions
convulsion of laughter
copiousness of diction
cord of sympathy
countenance of authority
courage of conviction
course of existence
courtliness of manner
covered with ignominy
cover of hospitality
crash of thunder
creature of circumstance
cringe into favor
criteria of feeling
crown of civilization
crudity of thought
crumbled into dust
crush with sorrow
cry of despair
crystallized into action
curl of contempt
current of thought
darkened by shadows
darkness of calamity
dash into fragments
dash of eccentricity
dawning of recognition
daylight of faith
day of reckoning
dazzled by fame
deaf to entreaty
decay of authority
declaration of indifference
dedicated to friendship
deeds of prowess
deepen into confusion
defects of temper
deference to custom
deficient in insight
degenerate into monotony
degree of hostility
delicacy of thought
delight in learning
delirium of wonder
deluded into believing
deny with emphasis
depraved by pain
depressed with fear
depth of despair
dereliction of duty
derogation of character
descent into death
despoiled of riches
destitute of power
deterioration in quality
device of secrecy
devoid of merit
devoted to ideals
devoured by curiosity
devoutness of faith
dexterity of phrase
dictates of conscience
difference in detail
difference of opinion
difficult of attainment
dignity of thought
dilapidations of time
diligent in application
diminish in respect
diminution of brutality
disabilities of age
disgusted by servility
dispense with formality
display of prowess
dissolve into nothingness
distinctness of vision
distortion of symmetry
distort with passion
diversity of aspect
divinity of tradition
domain of imagination
doomed to destruction
dragged into pursuit
drama of action
drawn into controversy
dream of vengeance
dribbling into words
driven by remorse
driven into servitude
driven to despair
drop of comfort
ductility of expression
dulled into acquiescence
dull of comprehension
duplicities of might
dust of defeat
dwarfed in numbers
dwarf to unimportance
earnestness of enthusiasm
easy of access
eccentricity of judgment
echo with merriment
ecstasy of despair
effect of loveliness
efficacy of change
effusion of sentiment
elasticity of mind
electrify into activity
element of compulsion
elevated into importance
elevation of sentiment
eloquence of passion
embarrassed by timidity
emotions of joy
empowered to act
encouraged by success
encroachments of time
encumbrance of mystery
endeared to all
end in smoke
endow with intelligence
endure with fortitude
energy of youth
enfeebled by age
enforced by action
enigma of life
enjoined by religion
enquire into precedents
enriched by gifts
enter into controversy
enumerate in detail
equanimity of mind
era of fads
error of judgment
essence of eloquence
established by convention
evoked by shame
examine with curiosity
excellence of vision
excess of candor
excitation of purpose
excite to pity
excursiveness of thought
exhibition of joy
exhilaration of spirits
expand into weakness
expenditure of energy
experienced in duplicity
explosion of rage
exposed to derision
expression of sternness
extension of experience
extravagance of eulogy
extremity of fortune
exuberance of wit
fabric of fact
face with indifference
facility of expression
faculty of perception
fade into insignificance
failure of coordination
fall into decay
fascinated, by mystery
fashion into festoons
favored by fortune
feast of reason
feats of strength
feeble in influence
feebleness of purpose
feeling of uneasiness
felicities of expression
fertile in consequence
fertility of invention
fervor of devotion
fettered by systems
fickleness of fortune
field of activity
fierceness of jealousy
fineness of vision
fired by wrath
fire of imagination
firmament of literature
firmness of purpose
fitness of circumstance
fit of laughter
fixity of purpose
flag of truce
flame into war
flashlight of introspection
flash of humor
fleetness of foot
flexibility of spirit
flicker of recognition
flight of fancy
flood of hatred
flourish in luxuriance
flourish of manner
flower into sympathy
flower of life
fluctuation of fortune
flushed with pride
flush of youth
flutter of expectation
fly to platitudes
fog of sentimentalism
forbid by authority
forced into action
force of conviction
foredoomed to failure
forest of faces
fortified by faith
founded in truth
fountain of learning
fragment of conversation
frame of mind
frankness of manner
fraught with peril
freak of fancy
freedom of enterprise
frenzy of pursuit
freshness of feeling
frigidity of address
frivolity of tone
frown of meditation
frozen into form
fulfilment of purpose
fulness of time
furious with indignation
fury of resentment
fuse into unity
futility of pride
gaiety of spirit
gales of laughter
galvanize into life
garb of thought
garlands of roses
gateway of fancy
gaze in astonishment
gem of truth
genuineness of sentiment
gesture of despair
gift of repartee
given to extravagance
glamor of sensationalism
glare of scrutiny
gleam of light
glib of speech
glimmer of suspicion
glory of salvation
glowing with delight
glow of enthusiasm
goaded into action
go in pursuit
go into raptures
gorgeousness of coloring
governed by precedent
graceful in proportion
grace of simplicity
gradations of outrage
grandeur of outline
grasp of comprehension
gravity of manner
greatness of nature
greed of office
grievously in error
grimace of disappointment
grimness of spirit
grip of attention
ground to atoms
groundwork of melancholy
growth of experience
guided by instinct
guide of aspiration
gulf of incongruity
gust of laughter
harassed to death
harbor of refuge
harvest of regrets
haunted by visions
haven of rest
haze of distance
heat of enthusiasm
height of absurdity
hint of bitterness
hold in bondage
hopeful of success
horizon of life
horror of solitude
hostile to progress
hubbub of talk
hue of divinity
hum of pleasure
hushed by denial
hushed into silence
hush of suspense
ideals of excellence
idol of society
illusion of youth
imbued with courage
immensity of extent
immersed in thought
immolation of genius
impatient of restraint
impelled by duty
impervious to suggestion
impetuosity of youth
implacability of resentment
impossible to reconcile
impotent of ideas
impotent to save
impress of individuality
impulse of enthusiasm
imputation of eccentricity
incapable of veracity
incentive to devotion
incitement to anger
inclined to vascillate
incompatible with reason
inconsistent with beauty
inculcated by practise
incursions into controversy
independence of mind
index of character
indifference to truth
indolence of temperament
induced by misrepresentation
indulge in reverie
indulgence of vanity
inequality of treatment
inferior in character
infinity of height
infirmity of temper
inflamed with rage
influenced by caution
influential in society
infusion of hatred
ingenuity in planning
inheritance of honor
insensibility of danger
insight into truth
insolence of office
inspiration of genius
inspired by love
inspired with patriotism
instability of purpose
instance in point
instrument of expression
integrity of mind
intensity of faith
intent to deceive
interchange of ideas
interval of leisure
intolerable to society
intoxicated with joy
intoxication of vanity
intrepidity of youth
intuition of immortality
invasion of thought
invocation to sleep
involved in obscurity
irony of life
jangle of sounds
jargon of philosophy
jumble of facts
justness of decision
keenness of intellect
kept in abeyance
kernel of truth
keynote of success
key of knowledge
kindle into action
kindle with enthusiasm
king of finance
kinship of humanity
lack of restraint
landmarks in memory
languish in obscurity
lapse of time
lash into silence
laugh to scorn
laugh with glee
launch into disapproval
laws of decorum
laxity of mind
lead into captivity
leap into currency
learned by rote
left to conjecture
legacy of thought
liberty of conscience
lie in wait
light of experience
limited in scope
limit of endurance
linger in expectation
link of sequence
listen in amazement
loftiness of spirit
look of dominance
loophole of escape
lost in awe
lost to remembrance
lower in estimation
lulled into indifference
lustihood of youth
lust of conquest
luxuriance of expression
luxuriant in fancy
magnanimity of mind
majesty of despair
man of iron
marked by acuteness
martyrdom of ambition
marvel of competency
mask of flippancy
mass of mediocrity
master of phrasing
maze of words
measured by years
measure of absurdity
meet with rebuke
melt into space
merge into character
mingled with curiosity
minister of vengeance
minuteness of description
miracle of miracles
mists of criticism
modesty of reserve
moment of lassitude
monster of ingratitude
monstrosities of character
monstrous in dulness
mood of tranquillity
move with alacrity
muddle of motives
multitude of details
murmur of satisfaction
mutations of time
myriads of stars
mysteries of taste
mysterious in origin
narrowed by custom
narrowness of range
nebulae of romance
nectar of enjoyment
neglect of duty
niceties of difference
nightingale of affection
nobility of purpose
noble in amplitude
note of triumph
nursed in luxury
obedience to conscience
object of contempt
obligation of loyalty
oblivious to criticism
obscurity of twilight
occasioned by irritation
ocean of eloquence
offensive to modesty
omission of fact
onrush of life
onsets of temptation
openness of mind
open to reason
opposed to innovation
oppressed by destiny
oppressed with hardship
opulence of detail
organized in thought
orgy of lying
ornaments of eloquence
outbreak of hostilities
outburst of tears
outflow of sympathy
outposts of morality
overcome with shyness
overflowing with love
overflow of vitality
overhung with gloom
pageant of life
page of desolation
pander to prejudice
pang of regret
parched by disuse
pass into oblivion
passion of patriotism
passivity of mind
pattern of virtue
peals of laughter
pendulum of opinion
pensiveness of feeling
performed with regularity
perils of fortune
period of lassitude
persuaded by appeal
pertaining to fashion
perturbation of mind
pervaded with grandeur
perversity of chance
pests of society
petulant in expression
phantom of delight
phase of belief
physiognomy of nature
pinnacle of favor
pit of oblivion
plainness of speech
play of fancy
plead in vain
plea of urgency
pleasing in outline
plenitude of power
plunged in darkness
plunge into despair
point of view
poise of mind
policy of severity
portent of danger
portray by words
positive in judgment
pour into print
power of imagination
practical in application
precipice of stupefaction
precision of phrase
prerogative of age
prescribed by custom
presence of mind
pressure of expediency
presumption of doubt
prevented by chance
prey of fancy
pride in success
pride of life
proceed with alertness
process of effacement
profundity of thought
profusion of argument
progress of events
prompted by coquetry
promptings of reason
prone to melancholy
propose to undertake
propriety of action
protest in vain
provocative of scorn
provoke to laughter
puff of applause
pulse of life
punish with severity
purged by sorrow
purity of diction
pursued in leisure
pursuit of knowledge
put to confusion
puzzledom of life
quagmire of distrust
qualities of leadership
qualm of conscience
question of honor
quicken into life
quicken with pride
quick in suggestion
quickness of apprehension
quivering of pain
quiver with anxiety
racked by suffering
radiance of morning
radiant with victory
range of experience
rashness of intention
ravages of time
ray of hope
reaches of achievement
ready in resource
realities of life
realm of peace
rebound of fascination
recoiling in terror
recourse to falsehood
rectitude of soul
redress of grievances
reduced to impotence
redundance of words
refinement of style
refuted by reason
regard with loathing
reins of life
relapse into savagery
related to eternity
relate with zest
relish of beauty
remorse of guilt
remote in character
rendered into music
repeat to satiety
repelled by censure
repel with indignation
repugnant to justice
requisite to success
residue of truth
resoluteness of conviction
resolve into nothingness
resort to violence
resource of expression
restrained by violence
restraint of speech
retreat into silence
revel in danger
revel of imagination
revulsion of feeling
rich in variety
richness of outline
riddle of existence
ridicule of ignorance
riot of words
ripened into love
ripeness of wisdom
rising by industry
roars of exultation
robe of humility
robustness of mind
rooted in prejudice
root of individuality
round of platitudes
run to seed
rush into print
rush of agony
rust of neglect
ruts of conventionality
saddle with responsibility
sadness of soul
sanctioned by experience
sanity of judgment
savoring of quackery
scantiness of resources
scarves of smoke
schooled in self-restraint
school of adversity
scrap of knowledge
scream with terror
scruple of conscience
scrupulous in conduct
scrutinize with care
searchlight of truth
seek to overawe
semblance of composure
sensation of pity
sense of urgency
sequence of events
serenity of mind
serve to embitter
set in motion
severity of style
shackles of civilization
shade of doubt
shadow of truth
shallowness of thought
shaped by tradition
shocked into attention
shock of apprehension
shouts of approval
shower of abuse
shriek of wrath
shuttle of life
sick with dread
sigh of wind
singleness of purpose
sink into insignificance
skilled in controversy
slave of malice
slough of ignorance
slumber of death
smitten into ice
snubbed into quiescence
sob with anguish
solace of adversity
soul of generosity
sound in theory
source of renown
soured by misfortune
spark of perception
species of despotism
spell of emotion
sphere of influence
spice of caricature
splendor of imagination
spur of necessity
spur to action
squirm with delight
stammer in confusion
start of uneasiness
stateliness of movement
stimulus to ambition
sting of satire
stirred to remonstrance
stolidity of sensation
storehouse of facts
storm of criticism
stream of humanity
stress of life
stricken into silence
stricken in years
strides in civilization
striking in character
string of episodes
stroke of fate
stung by derision
stunted in growth
subject to scrutiny
substratum of belief
subtlety of intellect
succession of events
succumb to fascination
suffuse with spirituality
suggestion of fancy
summit of misery
summoned into being
sum of happiness
sunshine of life
superior to circumstances
supplanted by others
supported by evidence
supremacy of good
surface of events
surge of pathos
susceptible to argument
suspense of judgment
suspicion of flattery
sweep of landscape
swollen into torrents
symbol of admiration
system of aspersion
tainted with fraud
taint of megalomania
take into account
tardiness of speech
task of conciliation
teeming with life
tempered by charity
tempest of passion
temptation to doubt
tenacity of execution
tender in sentiment
tenderness of sentiment
tend to frustrate
tense with expectancy
term of reproach
threshold of consciousness
thrift of time
thrill of delight
thrill with excitement
throb of compunction
throb with vitality
throng of sensations
thrown into disorder
thwarted by fortune
tide of humanitarianism
timid of innovation
tincture of depreciation
tinged with romance
tinge of mockery
tissue of misrepresentations
tolerant of folly
tone of severity
top of ambition
tormented by jealousy
torrent of fervor
tortured by doubt
totality of effect
touched with feeling
touch of severity
touchstone of genius
trace of bitterness
tradition of mankind
train of disasters
trait of cynicism
trance of delight
transform into beauty
translated into fact
transport of enthusiasm
trappings of wisdom
treat with contempt
tremble with fear
trend of consciousness
tribute of admiration
trick of fancy
trust to chance
tumult of applause
turmoil of controversy
turn of events
twilight of elderliness
twinge of envy
unadorned by artifice
undaunted by failure
undetermined by sorrow
undone by treachery
unfettered by fear
unique in literature
unity in diversity
unity of purpose
universality of experience
unmixed with emotion
unprecedented in kind
urged by curiosity
usher into society
utilize to advantage
utter with sarcasm
vagrancy of thought
valley of misfortune
vanguard of progress
vanish into mystery
vehemence of manner
vehicle of intercourse
veil of futurity
vein of snobbishness
velocity of movement
venture to say
versed in knowledge
vestige of regard
vibrant with feeling
view with awe
vision of splendor
vitalized by thought
vital to success
vividness of memory
voice of ambition
void of authority
volume of trade
vow of allegiance
wallow in idolatry
wander into digression
wanting in dignity
warmth of temperament
waste of opportunity
wave of depression
waver in purpose
weak in conception
wealth of meaning
weariness of sorrow
web of villainy
wedded to antiquity
weight of argument
wheedled into acquiescence
whiff of irritation
whirligig of life
whirl of delight
whirlwind of words
wield with power
wilderness of perplexities
wiles of innocence
withdraw into solitude
won by aggression
work with zeal
world of fantasy
worn by time
worthy of mention
wrenched by emotions
yield to reason
yoke of convention
zest of enjoyment
zone of delusion
